There are now 3 unsafe traits in rust (#94)
rust-lang-nursery/nomicon: src/safe-unsafe-meaning.md

* All FFI (Foreign Function Interface) functions are `unsafe` to call because the
  other language can do arbitrary operations that the Rust compiler can't check.

> As of Rust 1.29.2 there these stable unsafe traits (there are others, but they

Reviewer: trying out this suggesting thing for the first time??

```suggestion
As of Rust 1.29.2 the standard library defines the following unsafe traits (there are others, but they
```

Reviewer: As an aside the nomicon is not strictly bound to documenting stable things; indeed its early focus involved many unstable things.

Author: I noticed there are some unsafe things, but I thought it was more like out of necessity. Anyway, there's a bit too many of the unstable unsafe traits. I'm afraid the full list would look a bit scary.

> are not stabilized yet and some of them might never be):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not stabilized yet and some of them may never be):
```

because thread safety is a *fundamental property* that unsafe code can't
possibly hope to defend against in the way it could defend against a buggy
`Ord` implementation. Similarly, `GlobalAllocator` is keeping accounts of all
the memory in the program and other things like `Box` or `Vec` build on top of
it. If it does something weird (giving the same chunk of memory to another
request when it is still in use), there's no chance to detect that and do
anything about it.

The decision of whether to mark your own traits `unsafe` depends on the same
sort of consideration. If `unsafe` code can't reasonably expect to defend
against a broken implementation of the trait, then marking the trait `unsafe` is
a reasonable choice.

As an aside, while `Send` and `Sync` are `unsafe` traits, they are *also*
automatically implemented for types when such derivations are provably safe
to do. `Send` is automatically derived for all types composed only of values
whose types also implement `Send`. `Sync` is automatically derived for all
types composed only of values whose types also implement `Sync`. This minimizes
the pervasive unsafety of making these two traits `unsafe`. And not many people

> are going to *implement* memory allocators (not even use directly, for that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are going to *implement* memory allocators (or use them directly, for that
```

matter).

This is the balance between Safe and Unsafe Rust. The separation is designed to
make using Safe Rust as ergonomic as possible, but requires extra effort and
care when writing Unsafe Rust. The rest of this book is largely a discussion
of the sort of care that must be taken, and what contracts Unsafe Rust must uphold.

> [`Send`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/marker/trait.Send.html

Reviewer: Makes this point to the same version of the stdlib docs that the visible copy of the nomicon does (stable -> stable, nightly -> nightly, etc)

```suggestion
[`Send`]: ../std/marker/trait.Send.html
```

> [`Sync`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/marker/trait.Sync.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Sync`]: ../std/marker/trait.Sync.html
```

> [`GlobalAlloc`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/alloc/trait.GlobalAlloc.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`GlobalAlloc`]: ../std/alloc/trait.GlobalAlloc.html
```

Rust pervasive, which isn't desirable. `Send` and `Sync` are marked unsafe
because thread safety is a *fundamental property* that unsafe code can't
possibly hope to defend against in the way it could defend against a bad
`Ord` implementation. Similarly, `GlobalAllocator` is keeping accounts of all
the memory in the program and nobody can hope to deal with things like the
allocator serving two different requests with the same chunk of memory. The
decision of whether to mark your own traits `unsafe` depends on the same sort of
consideration. If `unsafe` code can't reasonably expect to defend against a bad

> implementation of the trait, then marking the trait `unsafe` is a reasonable

Reviewer 2: Might be worth expanding on "bad". (I know the original text didn't do that, so feel free to ignore this comment if you prefer.) Concretely, the point is that we expect the trait to follow more rules than the types suggest (this applies to `Ord` and `GlobalAllocator` alike), and that unsafe code can *rely* on the trait following these rules. The latter part is mentioned but I feel it is worth saying that there is a base promise made for every trait ("the methods act safety at their given type"), and `unsafe` merely says that we require more.
